README.md, before:

# harry-potter-gen-z
Harry Potter: The Gen Z Edition

This project provides a place for anyone to collaborate on Harry Potter: The Gen Z edition, inspired by [this Reddit post](https://www.reddit.com/r/harrypotter/comments/r87mvh/accidentally_bought_the_gen_z_how_do_you_do/).

You can read it [here: https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/](https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/).

_**Anyone**_ is able to contribute by suggesting changes to files, as long as you have a GitHub account. It has to manually be
approved, so your changes will not be reflected immediately. If you created a change successfully, you should see it appear here:

https://github.com/typoes/harry-potter-gen-z/pulls

## How to make changes 
There are a couple of different ways to make changes, but the screenshots below are easiest for those who have never used GitHub. 

1. **Navigate to the file** you want to change from within https://github.com/typoes/harry-potter-gen-z
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95908057/145546438-477a80ee-58f5-4d77-9af7-fcad892c3cc1.png)

2. **Click edit** once you reach the page you'd like to edit
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95908057/145546554-3dc5a2cc-fe13-45ff-84fe-60c862cfae41.png)

3. **Make your edits** and **click "Propose changes**. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95908057/145546878-c52528ae-3e12-43b5-a5ae-f84947fe9a58.png)

4. **Double check that the drop-downs look correct.** It should be correct by default, but confirm that:
a) "base repository" points to `typoes/harry-potter-gen-z` and `main`
b) "head repository" points to `YOUR-ACCOUNT-NAME/harry-potter-gen-z` and your latest patch 

If the box at the bottom does not show the changes you made in green, you may have the wrong values selected in the dropdown. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95908057/145547218-b8f2ed29-1ff6-4d2e-a054-efb91f1b13d0.png)

To build the epubs, install Pandoc, and run `make all` in a terminal. If you're on Windows, like me, using
[Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/install) to install both `make` and `pandoc` is the easiest way I know.

## Book Index:

#### 1 - [Harry Potter and the Smart-Ass Stones](https://github.com/typoes/harry-potter-gen-z/tree/main/book_1)
  1. [The Boy Who Wasn't Unalived](https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/book_1/chapter_1.html)
  2. [The Glass That Yeeted Itself](https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/book_1/chapter_2.html)
  3. [The Letters from Ur Mom](https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/book_1/chapter_3.html)
  4. [The Keeper of the Keys](https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/book_1/chapter_4.html)
  
#### 2 - [Harry Potter and the Chamber of Ratios](https://github.com/typoes/harry-potter-gen-z/tree/main/book_2)
  1. [*The Worst Birthday*](https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/book_2/chapter_1.html)
#### 3 - Harry Potter and the Locked-up Dude
#### 4 - [Harry Potter and the Chug Jug of Fiya](https://github.com/typoes/harry-potter-gen-z/tree/main/book_4)
  17. [*The Four Champions*](https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/book_4/chapter_17.html)
#### 5 - *Harry Potter and the Fiya-Bird Squad*
#### 6 - *Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince*
#### 7 - *Harry Potter and the Sussy Symbols*

Commit message:

Fix building with latest pandoc version, removed redundant `index.md` (sorry!)

README.md, after:

# harry-potter-gen-z
Harry Potter: The Gen Z Edition

This project provides a place for anyone to collaborate on Harry Potter: The Gen Z edition, inspired by [this Reddit post](https://www.reddit.com/r/harrypotter/comments/r87mvh/accidentally_bought_the_gen_z_how_do_you_do/).

You can read it [here: https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/](https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/).

_**Anyone**_ is able to contribute by suggesting changes to files, as long as you have a GitHub account. It has to manually be
approved, so your changes will not be reflected immediately. If you created a change successfully, you should see it appear here:

https://github.com/typoes/harry-potter-gen-z/pulls

## How to make changes 
There are a couple of different ways to make changes, but the screenshots below are easiest for those who have never used GitHub. 

1. **Navigate to the file** you want to change from within https://github.com/typoes/harry-potter-gen-z
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95908057/145546438-477a80ee-58f5-4d77-9af7-fcad892c3cc1.png)

2. **Click edit** once you reach the page you'd like to edit
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95908057/145546554-3dc5a2cc-fe13-45ff-84fe-60c862cfae41.png)

3. **Make your edits** and **click "Propose changes**. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95908057/145546878-c52528ae-3e12-43b5-a5ae-f84947fe9a58.png)

4. **Double check that the drop-downs look correct.** It should be correct by default, but confirm that:
a) "base repository" points to `typoes/harry-potter-gen-z` and `main`
b) "head repository" points to `YOUR-ACCOUNT-NAME/harry-potter-gen-z` and your latest patch 

If the box at the bottom does not show the changes you made in green, you may have the wrong values selected in the dropdown. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95908057/145547218-b8f2ed29-1ff6-4d2e-a054-efb91f1b13d0.png)

To build the epubs, install Pandoc, and run `make all` in a terminal. On Windows, install
[Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/install) to get both `make` and `pandoc`. No current way of building on other
platforms.

## Book Index:

#### 1 - [Harry Potter and the Smart-Ass Stones](https://github.com/typoes/harry-potter-gen-z/tree/main/book_1)
  1. [The Boy Who Wasn't Unalived](https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/book_1/chapter_1.html)
  2. [The Glass That Yeeted Itself](https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/book_1/chapter_2.html)
  3. [The Letters from Ur Mom](https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/book_1/chapter_3.html)
  4. [The Keeper of the Keys](https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/book_1/chapter_4.html)
  
#### 2 - [Harry Potter and the Chamber of Ratios](https://github.com/typoes/harry-potter-gen-z/tree/main/book_2)
  1. [*The Worst Birthday*](https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/book_2/chapter_1.html)
#### 3 - Harry Potter and the Locked-up Dude
#### 4 - [Harry Potter and the Chug Jug of Fiya](https://github.com/typoes/harry-potter-gen-z/tree/main/book_4)
  17. [*The Four Champions*](https://typoes.github.io/harry-potter-gen-z/book_4/chapter_17.html)
#### 5 - *Harry Potter and the Fiya-Bird Squad*
#### 6 - *Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince*
#### 7 - *Harry Potter and the Sussy Symbols*
